Feature doc (#184)
equinor/radix-public-site: public-site/docs/src/features/index.md

## Command Line (Radix CLI)

Radix offers a command line interface - Radix CLI, which uses the command rx.

[Radix CLI](https://github.com/equinor/radix-cli/blob/master/README.md)

## Container logs in Radix console and Radix CLI

To be updated

## Cost calculation

Cost calculation is based on the total time the replicas(containers) belonging to an application has been running, and how much CPU and memory the replicas requested.

[Doc](../docs/topic-cost/#how-is-the-cost-calculated)

## DNS aliases

Each application can have one specific component in one specific environment set as the default alias.

[Doc](../docs/topic-concepts/#default-alias) - [Radix config](../references/reference-radix-config/#dnsappalias)

## External alias (byo DNS certificate)

It is possible to have multiple custom DNS aliases (i.e. to choose your own custom domain) for the application. 

[Doc](../docs/topic-concepts/#external-custom-alias) [Guide](../guides/external-alias/) - [Radix config](../references/reference-radix-config/#dnsexternalalias)

## Egress rules

[Guide](../guides/egress-config/#egress) - [Radix config](../references/reference-radix-config/#egress)

## Enable/disable components

> Components can be enabled or disabled for all or only certain environment(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components can be enabled or disabled for all or only certain environments.
```
